CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Build environment
1. Download and install [Git](https://www.git-scm.com/) to manage and retrieve the code.
2. Clone the BoltBackup code repository
   1. Open the Command Prompt (or BASH if you prefer)
   2. Navigate to the folder where you want the code to be on your computer. For example, `cd C:\Users\<username>\Documents\Code`
   3. Type: `git clone https://github.com/dbolton/BoltBackup.git` (This creates a folder named "BoltBackup" that contains the entire repository.) (Alternatively, you can use the Git GUI to clone the BoltBackup repository.)
2. Download and install [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/).
3. After installing Node.JS you need to install [Electron](https://electron.atom.io/) for UI. Open the command prompt, navigate to the folder of your clone of the BoltBackup repository and type: `npm install electron`
4. Download [ShadowSpawn](https://github.com/candera/shadowspawn/downloads) and place both the x64 and x86 versions of ShadowSpawn in the Binaries directory.
5. Open a new command prompt and navigate to the BoltBackup directory (Git CMD will work for this)
6. Start BoltBackup by using the script: `npm start` (Alternatively you can manually type: `.\node_modules\.bin\electron .`).


## Create installer
See "https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/application-distribution" and "https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/"

1. Download and install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#windows-tab)
2. Open a new command prompt and navigate to the BoltBackup directory (Again, Git CMD will work for this)
3. Type: `yarn add electron-builder --dev`
4. Create the installer by typing: `yarn dist`

Commit message:

Changed name to Solid Backup

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Build environment
1. Download and install [Git](https://www.git-scm.com/) to manage and retrieve the code.
2. Clone the Solid Backup code repository
   1. Open the Command Prompt (or BASH if you prefer)
   2. Navigate to the folder where you want the code to be on your computer. For example, `cd C:\Users\<username>\Documents\Code`
   3. Type: `git clone https://github.com/dbolton/SolidBackup.git` (This creates a folder named "SolidBackup" that contains the entire repository.) (Alternatively, you can use the Git GUI to clone the Solid Backup repository.)
2. Download and install [Node.JS](https://nodejs.org/).
3. After installing Node.JS you need to install [Electron](https://electron.atom.io/) for UI. Open the command prompt, navigate to the folder of your clone of the Solid Backup repository and type: `npm install electron`
4. Download [ShadowSpawn](https://github.com/candera/shadowspawn/downloads) and place both the x64 and x86 versions of ShadowSpawn in the Binaries directory.
5. Open a new command prompt and navigate to the SolidBackup directory (Git CMD will work for this)
6. Start Solid Backup by using the script: `npm start` (Alternatively you can manually type: `.\node_modules\.bin\electron .`).

## Create installer
See "https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/application-distribution" and "https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder/"

1. Download and install [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#windows-tab)
2. Open a new command prompt and navigate to the Solid Backup directory (Again, Git CMD will work for this)
3. Type: `yarn add electron-builder --dev`
4. Create the installer by typing: `yarn dist`

Note: If your antivirus repeatedly tries to delete the final installer, try running `yarn dist` from command prompt _without_ administrative permission.
